Revise CRD generation guides: uses generator script instead of running images (#981)
kubernetes-client/java: docs/generate-model-from-third-party-resources.md

##### Generate Java model from the downloaded openapi spec

Run the following commands and there will be a java sources generated under `/tmp/java`. 

```
bash java-crd-cmd.sh -o /tmp/java  < /tmp/swagger 
```

> By default, the java package-name of generated codes will be `io.kubernetes.client`. If you want to override the output package-name, consider 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the package name of the generated java classes will be `io.kubernetes.client`. If you want to override the package name, consider 
```

use `-p <package_name>` flag. Additionally, you can use `-l <length>` option to make the generator to trim the length of generated 
class name, the lower number generates shorter names. e.g. for a CRD named `crontabs.v1.example.io`, with `-l 1` the generated 

> name will be `CronTab`, otherwise with `-l3` it will be `ExampleV1Crontab`. And also if you feel like only generating models for a few CRDs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name will be `CronTab`, otherwise with `-l3` it will be `ExampleV1Crontab`. And also if you feel like only generating classes for a few CRDs
```

instead of the whole lump of downloaded openapi specs, please use `-n` to filter out your target CRDs. For all supported flags, use `-h` 
for help info as is shown in the following:

```
Usage: generate a java project using input openapi spec from stdin

>  -c: project version of the generated java project.

Reviewer: What do you mean by the "project version"? Could the option documentation be re-worded for better understanding?

Author: removed the line as this looks like a rarely used option 🤔
